I have a lot of sympathy for people who don't do well in school I was
a terrible high school studen, my high school adviser told me I had
good test scores but I was no achievement and I would never amount to
anything after two years of college the University of Colorado the
dean asked me to go away for a couple years, I went into the Marine
Corps when I came back I did a lot better I'll tell you that for sure,
so I've I've known about struggling in school I think growing up
helps a lot if you've got intellectual capability but you are having
trouble getting your nose to the grindstone tour the service, a kind
of arduous duty of any kind I think would be good advice for you
because you need more than just a well I'm gonna change you need something
that's really going to change you.